README.md, before:

Video Game Retail Store Application

The aim of the project is to implement an online portal for the sale of physical or digital versions of video games for multiple gaming platforms. The project intends to help the end-user keep track of inventory and sales of video games, and also have instant access to basic information about the games being sold. The project provides and implements a robust framework for a back-end database and a corresponding front end application that queries the database. This framework can be developed further by the end-user.

The project is intended for video game retailers who have multiple stores. By implementing the project, the retailer is able to keep track of the sales activities across its stores, as well as know the inventory status of its stores. Even if the project is primarily geared towards established businesses with multiple stores, it is reliable enough to be implemented by start-up businesses. The aforementioned framework is flexible and can be readily updated and expanded by such businesses as they grow over the years. Furthermore, due to the framework’s flexibility, the project can also be implemented by a retailer that intends to do its business exclusively online.

The project provides a database established in MySQL with eight tables containing information about video games, their developers and publishers, their distinct versions; information about the stores, like location, inventory of games in each store along with the prices and stock; information about the game sales in each store, like date of purchase, quantity purchased, etc. These tables are queried through the front-end application that is accessed by the administrator and/or manager of each store. Through the front-end application, the admin/manager can add/update publishers, developers, games, platforms, and stores to the database. They can also make add or update the inventory of each store or add a new record to the Sales table through a transaction that ensures that each sale is secure. Furthermore, they can monitor the stock of different versions of the games available in each store or the revenue generated by each version of a game. The administrator can also delete information of one of the stores altogether if that store were to permanently close.

Entity-Relationship Diagram for the MySQL Database:
![alt text](https://github.com/sreeman-reddy/video-game-retail-store-application/blob/main/ERD.png "ERD")

Files-
MAIN.php - main screen; buttons to access all other screens/reports



pub_insert_update_screen.php - main screen for publishers table; shows the table and allows inserts and updates.

pub_insert.php- code for inserting into publishers table.

pub_update.php - code for updating publisher table.



dev_insert_update_screen.php - main screen for developers table; shows the table and allows inserts and updates.

dev_insert.php - code for inserting into developers table.

dev_update.php - code for updating developers table.



game_insert_update_screen.php - main screen for games table; shows the table and allows inserts and updates.

game_insert.php - code for inserting into games table.

game_update.php - code for updating games table.



stores_insert_delete_screen.php - main screen for stores table; shows the table and allows inserts and deletion.

stores_insert.php - code for inserting into stores table.

stores_delete.php - code for deleting from stores table.



plat_insert_screen.php - main screen for platforms table; shows the table and allows inserts.

plat_insert.php - code for inseting into platforms table.



production_insert_screen.php - main screen for production table; shows publishers, developers and games table and allows inserts into porduction table.

production_insert.php - code for inserting into production table.



version_insert_screen.php - main screen for versions table; shows games and platforms tables and allows inserts into versions table.

version_insert.php - code for inserting into versions table.



inventory_insert_update_screen.php - main screen for inventory table; shows the table and allows inserts and updates.

inventory_insert.php - code for inserting into inventory table.

inventory_update.php - code for updating inventory table.


sales_insert_screen.php - main screen for sales table; shows the table and allows inserts.

sales_insert.php - code for inserting into sales table; employs a transaction while inserting into the table.



report1.php - shows report 1 (stock of each game in each platform in each store)

report2.php - shows report 2 (revenue generated by each version of all games)

Commit message:

Update README with example interface mockups

README.md, after:

Video Game Retail Store Application

The aim of the project is to implement an online portal for the sale of physical or digital versions of video games for multiple gaming platforms. The project intends to help the end-user keep track of inventory and sales of video games, and also have instant access to basic information about the games being sold. The project provides and implements a robust framework for a back-end database and a corresponding front end application that queries the database. This framework can be developed further by the end-user.

The project is intended for video game retailers who have multiple stores. By implementing the project, the retailer is able to keep track of the sales activities across its stores, as well as know the inventory status of its stores. Even if the project is primarily geared towards established businesses with multiple stores, it is reliable enough to be implemented by start-up businesses. The aforementioned framework is flexible and can be readily updated and expanded by such businesses as they grow over the years. Furthermore, due to the framework’s flexibility, the project can also be implemented by a retailer that intends to do its business exclusively online.

The project provides a database established in MySQL with eight tables containing information about video games, their developers and publishers, their distinct versions; information about the stores, like location, inventory of games in each store along with the prices and stock; information about the game sales in each store, like date of purchase, quantity purchased, etc. These tables are queried through the front-end application that is accessed by the administrator and/or manager of each store. Through the front-end application, the admin/manager can add/update publishers, developers, games, platforms, and stores to the database. They can also make add or update the inventory of each store or add a new record to the Sales table through a transaction that ensures that each sale is secure. Furthermore, they can monitor the stock of different versions of the games available in each store or the revenue generated by each version of a game. The administrator can also delete information of one of the stores altogether if that store were to permanently close.

Entity-Relationship Diagram for the MySQL Database:
![alt text](https://github.com/sreeman-reddy/video-game-retail-store-application/blob/main/ERD.png "ERD")

Example Interface Mockups-
![alt text](https://github.com/sreeman-reddy/video-game-retail-store-application/blob/main/example1.png "eg1")

![alt text](https://github.com/sreeman-reddy/video-game-retail-store-application/blob/main/example2.png "eg2")

![alt text](https://github.com/sreeman-reddy/video-game-retail-store-application/blob/main/example3.png "eg3")


Files-

MAIN.php - main screen; buttons to access all other screens/reports



pub_insert_update_screen.php - main screen for publishers table; shows the table and allows inserts and updates.

pub_insert.php- code for inserting into publishers table.

pub_update.php - code for updating publisher table.



dev_insert_update_screen.php - main screen for developers table; shows the table and allows inserts and updates.

dev_insert.php - code for inserting into developers table.

dev_update.php - code for updating developers table.



game_insert_update_screen.php - main screen for games table; shows the table and allows inserts and updates.

game_insert.php - code for inserting into games table.

game_update.php - code for updating games table.



stores_insert_delete_screen.php - main screen for stores table; shows the table and allows inserts and deletion.

stores_insert.php - code for inserting into stores table.

stores_delete.php - code for deleting from stores table.



plat_insert_screen.php - main screen for platforms table; shows the table and allows inserts.

plat_insert.php - code for inseting into platforms table.



production_insert_screen.php - main screen for production table; shows publishers, developers and games table and allows inserts into porduction table.

production_insert.php - code for inserting into production table.



version_insert_screen.php - main screen for versions table; shows games and platforms tables and allows inserts into versions table.

version_insert.php - code for inserting into versions table.



inventory_insert_update_screen.php - main screen for inventory table; shows the table and allows inserts and updates.

inventory_insert.php - code for inserting into inventory table.

inventory_update.php - code for updating inventory table.


sales_insert_screen.php - main screen for sales table; shows the table and allows inserts.

sales_insert.php - code for inserting into sales table; employs a transaction while inserting into the table.



report1.php - shows stock of each game in each platform in each store

report2.php - shows revenue generated by each version of all games
